1. what is agile methodology ?
Agile is a Iterative and incremental model.
Agile Methodology meaning a practice that promotes continuous iteration of development and 
testing throughout the software development lifecycle of the project. In the Agile model in 
software testing, both development and testing activities are concurrent, unlike the Waterfall model.

2. Agile Values ?
i. individual and interaction over a process and tools.
ii. working software over comprehensive Documentation.
iii. customer collaboration over contract negotiation.
iv. Responding to change over following a plan.

3. Agile Principles ?
i. customer satisfaction early and continuous software delivery.
ii. accomodate changing requirement throughout the development process.
iii. frequent devlivery of working software.
iv. enable face to face interaction.
v. agile process support a consistent development phase.
vi. simplicity

4. Agile Frameworks?
i. Scrum Frameworks (mainly followed by I.T.)
ii. Kanban Frameworks (mainly followed by manufacturing)

5. What is Scrum?  Roles ?
Scrum as a way to get work done as a team in small pieces at a time, with continuous experimentation 
and feedback loops along the way to learn and improve as you go. Scrum helps people and teams deliver 
value incrementally in a collaborative way. As an agile framework, Scrum provides just enough structure 
for people and teams to integrate into how they work, while adding the right practices to optimize for 
their specific needs.
Roles:
i. Scrum Master
    scrum master is leader of scrum team. he helps scrum team to perform at heighest level
ii. Product Owner
    product owner communicates with client in behalf to development team and he is also reponsible for 
    managing and prioritize the product backlog and build a trust relationship with client.
iii. Developement Team

6. scrum Principles ?
i. Transparency (who is working on what)
ii. Adaption (accepting changes according to the client)
iii. inspection (inspecting everyone reponsiblity)

7. meetings in scrum framework ?
i. sprint planning meeting (starting day of project 1.5 hours of meeting)
    story development and planning testing

ii. Daily scrum meeting (Every day meeting)
    a 15 minutes meeting everyday at the starting of day.
    discussing about what work has been done yesterday and 
    discussing what work is going to do today

iii. Sprint Review Meeting (At the end of each Sprint 30 minutes)
    the core objective of this meeting is to demonstrate the functionality of the product and what has 
    been achieved during a particular Sprint. Generally, product owner, Scrum Master, and other 
    client are present to review the product.

iv. Sprint Retrospective meeting (at the end of sprint review 30 minutes meeting)
    taking feedback from client and discussing what went right and wrong during a Sprint and is 
    there any need of imporvement. The meeting brings forth a great opportunity for the entire team 
    to reflect back on the work and what improvements are needed to be made.

v. Backlog Refinement Meeting (product backlog grooming)
    In backlog refinement meeting, the backlog items are categorized and prioritized after a 
    technical discussion with the team to make sure that the team understands which backlog to resolve first.


8. static and dynamic testing ?
static:
    tatic Testing is a type of software testing in which software application is tested without 
    code execution. Manual or automated reviews of code, requirement Documentation and document design are 
    done in order to find the errors. The main objective of static testing is to improve the quality 
    of software applications by finding errors in early stages of software development process.

dynamic:
    Under Dynamic Testing, a code is executed. It checks for functional behavior of software system, 
    memory/cpu usage and overall performance of the system. Hence the name “Dynamic”
    The main objective of this testing is to confirm that the software product works in conformance 
    with the business requirements. 

9. software testing lifecycle ?
i. requirement analysis
    ii. test planning (automated, manual)
        iii. Test case Developement
            iv. Test Environment setup
                v. Test execution (pass test, fail test)
                    vi. Test cycle closure (closing the testing)

10. Quality of Test Execution ?
i. Defect Leakeage
    your not able to find defect but client find it.
    if Defect leakeage is less then quality is high 

ii. Defect Reject
    Defect is Rejected if Defect is not valid or reason is the defect already resolved

Quality of Execution depends on:
    i. Less Defect Leakeage
    ii. Less Defect Reject

11. what are the levels of Testing ?
i. Unit Testing (base level code testing)
ii. Integration Testing (Design Testing)
iii. System Testing (requirement testing)
iv. Acceptance Testing (client demands full fill)

12. what is Defect and Defect lifecycles ?
A defect is an error or a bug, in the application which is created. A programmer while designing 
and building the software can make mistakes or error. These mistakes or errors mean that there are 
flaws in the software. These are called defects.

New: 
    When a new defect is logged and posted for the first time. It is assigned a status as NEW.
    
Assigned: 
    Once the bug is posted by the tester, the lead of the tester approves the bug and assigns 
    the bug to the developer team.

Open: 
    The developer starts analyzing and works on the defect fix

Fixed: 
    When a developer makes a necessary code change and verifies the change, he or she can make
    bug status as “Fixed.”

Pending retest: 
    Once the defect is fixed the developer gives a particular code for retesting the code to 
    the tester. Since the software testing remains pending from the testers end, the status assigned 
    is “pending retest.”

Retest: 
    Tester does the retesting of the code at this stage to check whether the defect is 
    fixed by the developer or not and changes the status to “Re-test.”